Add link to location codes (#3805)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/flux/v0.x/stdlib/timezone/location.md

Setting the timezone by location accounts for location-based time shifts in the
clock such as daylight savings time or summertime.

> See [here](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_tz_database_time_zones) for a list of possible location codes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flux uses the timezone database provided by the underlying operating system (OS). Timezones and timezone names depend on your OS. For a general list of timezone names, see [tz database time zones](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_tz_database_time_zones).
```

> Flux uses the timezone database provided by the underlying operating system (OS). Timezones and timezone names depend on your OS. For a general list of timezone names, see [tz database time zones](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_tz_database_time_zones).

Author: ```suggestion
Flux uses the timezone database provided by the underlying operating system (OS).
Timezones and timezone names depend on your OS.
For a general list of timezone names, see [tz database time zones](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_tz_database_time_zones).
```
